[music]
we close our eyes
and sit down as we are very comfortable
relaxed and just watch that
i say we take a deep breath and on
exhale exhale in all your thoughts
we take 2 deep breaths and exhale
completely relax
[music]
we take 3 deep breaths and exhale
I guess at the center of my body in
heart areas
we just start feeling
it is there and mentally begin to leave
from my body through my head rising
higher and higher
we start to go higher and higher
higher and at some point we find ourselves
above the city
we go even much more
and now we have gone beyond our
planets we just find ourselves in space and
see our planet earth from
[music]
I will see from the side and see how her
surrounds
the golden sphere is the energy of money
approach it and penetrate this
golden sphere
start to feel like dissolving in
her golden energy
energy of money
[music]
and suddenly find myself in a certain gold
space and all our material
financial desire is very fast and very
easy to implement and here we start
represent
and feel the hands holding a wad of money this
tobacco which is exactly yours
Do not chase the euro with a dollar or
other currencies
choose exactly that wad of money
about the number of cultures and their quality
which you believe she will come com
it is quick and easy just start in
this space
to touch them I feel every cleaning
just feeling
just presenting as not considered
feel your hands and you can
hear how they are sad and they have
such a special money smell
which is just going to be just
feel and just feel
feel great joy from the fact that
you count your children they
just feel just feel every
enjoy then mentally you can
put them in your pocket and get
great fun you can not your
they are exactly yours then you start
feel like this energy is golden
light falls into your heart and you forever
become friends forever
stays your heart out of that thought
you can say goodbye both goals reef it
space
and taking off
go above again
your body can open your eyes in the cart
gohe inhale and exhale with a smile feel
that you are friends with this energy and that you
she will accompany you all yours
life is joy and helping
[music]